Classes
=======

This is a complete list of available classes:

- [`Workflux\Builder\StateMachineBuilder`](Workflux/Builder/StateMachineBuilder.md) &mdash; The StateMachineBuilder provides a fluent api for defining state machines.
- [`Workflux\Builder\StatesVerification`](Workflux/Builder/StatesVerification.md) &mdash; The StatesVerification is responsable for verifying the states configuration of a state machine setup.
- [`Workflux\Builder\TransitionsVerification`](Workflux/Builder/TransitionsVerification.md) &mdash; The TransitionsVerification is responsable for making sure that a given transition configuration is valid.
- [`Workflux\Builder\XmlStateMachineBuilder`](Workflux/Builder/XmlStateMachineBuilder.md) &mdash; The XmlStateMachineBuilder can build/load a state_machine from a given xml file, containing valid state machine declarations.
- [`Workflux\Error\Error`](Workflux/Error/Error.md) &mdash; Base class that all workflux errors/exceptions should extend.
- [`Workflux\Error\VerificationError`](Workflux/Error/VerificationError.md) &mdash; Represents an error in the context of verifying an expectation.
- [`Workflux\ExecutionContext`](Workflux/ExecutionContext.md) &mdash; Standard implementation of the ExecutionContextInterface.
- [`Workflux\Guard\CallbackGuard`](Workflux/Guard/CallbackGuard.md) &mdash; The CallbackGuard employs it&#039;s verification strategy by simply delegating the verification to a given callback.
- [`Workflux\Guard\ConfigurableGuard`](Workflux/Guard/ConfigurableGuard.md) &mdash; The ConfigurableGuard is a base class that allows you to implement configurable GuardInterface implementations.
- [`Workflux\Guard\ExpressionGuard`](Workflux/Guard/ExpressionGuard.md) &mdash; The ExpressionGuard employs it&#039;s verfification based on the evaluation of a given (symfony) expression.
- [`Workflux\Guard\VariableGuard`](Workflux/Guard/VariableGuard.md) &mdash; The VariableGuard employs it&#039;s verfification based on the evaluation of a given (symfony) expression.
- [`Workflux\Parser\Xml\AbstractXmlParser`](Workflux/Parser/Xml/AbstractXmlParser.md) &mdash; The AbstsractXmlParser serves as base class for xml parsers.
- [`Workflux\Parser\Xml\OptionsXpathParser`](Workflux/Parser/Xml/OptionsXpathParser.md) &mdash; The OptionsXpathParser can parse &#039;options&#039; that are defined below a given context node.
- [`Workflux\Parser\Xml\StateMachineDefinitionParser`](Workflux/Parser/Xml/StateMachineDefinitionParser.md) &mdash; The StateMachineDefinitionParser can parse xml state machine definitions and provides an array, that is structured the way the StateMachineBuilder expects.
- [`Workflux\Parser\Xml\Xpath`](Workflux/Parser/Xml/Xpath.md) &mdash; The Xpath class is a conveniece wrapper around DOMXpath and simple adds a namespace prefix to queries.
- [`Workflux\Renderer\AbstractRenderer`](Workflux/Renderer/AbstractRenderer.md) &mdash; The AbstractRenderer is a base class, that allows you to implement configurable GraphRendererInterface implementations.
- [`Workflux\Renderer\DotGraphRenderer`](Workflux/Renderer/DotGraphRenderer.md) &mdash; The DotGraphRenderer can render state machines as dot-graphs.
- [`Workflux\StateMachine\EventEmittingStateMachine`](Workflux/StateMachine/EventEmittingStateMachine.md) &mdash; Adds events to the default StateMachine implementation.
- [`Workflux\StateMachine\StateMachine`](Workflux/StateMachine/StateMachine.md) &mdash; General default implementation of the StateMachineInterface.
- [`Workflux\State\State`](Workflux/State/State.md) &mdash; The State class is a standard implementation of the StateInterface.
- [`Workflux\State\VariableState`](Workflux/State/VariableState.md) &mdash; The VariableState class set and removes variables when it transition callbacks (onEntry, onExit) are invoked.
- [`Workflux\Transition\Transition`](Workflux/Transition/Transition.md) &mdash; Standard implementation of the TransitionInterface.
