Interfaces
==========

This is a complete list of available interfaces:

- [`Workflux\Builder\StateMachineBuilderInterface`](Workflux/Builder/StateMachineBuilderInterface.md) &mdash; StateMachineBuilderInterface implementations are supposed to provide convenience for building state machines.
- [`Workflux\Builder\VerificationInterface`](Workflux/Builder/VerificationInterface.md) &mdash; VerificationInterface implementations are supposed to execute a specific verfication strategy in the context of assuring state machine validity.
- [`Workflux\ExecutionContextInterface`](Workflux/ExecutionContextInterface.md) &mdash; ExecutionContextInterface reflects the current state of execution of a subject inside a state machine.
- [`Workflux\Guard\GuardInterface`](Workflux/Guard/GuardInterface.md) &mdash; GuardInterface implementations are supposed to check, if a given subject is acceptable in the context of transitioning from one state to another.
- [`Workflux\Parser\ParserInterface`](Workflux/Parser/ParserInterface.md) &mdash; ParserInterface implementations are supposed to parse specific payload and turn it into a common array structure, that is expected by the StateMachineBuilderInterface.
- [`Workflux\Renderer\GraphRendererInterface`](Workflux/Renderer/GraphRendererInterface.md) &mdash; GraphRendererInterface implementations are expected to render StateMachineInterface instances into any kind of specific output format, like for example xml, yaml or dot.
- [`Workflux\StateMachine\StateMachineInterface`](Workflux/StateMachine/StateMachineInterface.md) &mdash; StateMachineInterface implementations are expected to act as event triggered finite state machines.
- [`Workflux\State\StateInterface`](Workflux/State/StateInterface.md) &mdash; StateInterface implementations are expected to act as a nodes that are part of a state graph.
- [`Workflux\StatefulSubjectInterface`](Workflux/StatefulSubjectInterface.md) &mdash; StatefulSubjectInterface provides the main contract between any external objects and the workflux statemachine.
- [`Workflux\Transition\TransitionInterface`](Workflux/Transition/TransitionInterface.md) &mdash; TransitionInterface implementations model the connections between states.
